Fixed rate bond tutorial: create an e2e script (#891)
digital-asset/daml-finance: docs/code-samples/instruments/README.md

# Code Samples - Getting Started

> This project contains the source code used in the getting-started tutorials.

Reviewer: update getting started

> This project contains the source code used in the getting-started tutorials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project contains the source code used in the instruments tutorials.
```
